Hey, guys. So we just saw an overview of what we'll be covering in this lesson.
So managing Blockchain transactions.
So the question is, why is it important to understand how to manage transactions?
Well, if you haven't noticed Jessica,
transactions is literally the lifeline of Blockchain.
Without transactions, all we have is blocks on the chain,
and they're literally wouldn't do anything.
Like, what purpose would just blocks do without a way to
transact and have a storage for data,
and transaction literally allows us to
manipulate data and transact and that's what goes into a block on a Blockchain.
So it's extremely important to understand
the types of transactions and way we can work with them.
It's a really interesting way to think about it.
It's our way of interacting with the Blockchain.
Otherwise it's just a static entity right there.
So with this course, we have associated project so,
the Blockchain identity Project.
So how or what they're learning here relate to that project?
That too is a really critical question to address.
So first, I would like to acknowledge the fact
that your Blockchain identity is something that you own.
You get to manage, and nobody else can manipulate it,
unless if you are given your private key.
So something that you get to control.
Every time that you transact on a Blockchain,
you're going to have to go ahead and sign that transaction with your private key.
So it's critical to understand your block chain identity.
Yes, you bring up some really good points.
So with that, let's actually learn about our Blockchain identity.